#summary au3Irrlicht2 ChangeLog
#labels Featured

= au3Irrlicht2 !ChangeLog =

----

== 2.04 (2010-10-09) ==


==== Script breaking changes: ====

  * !IrrAddSplineAnimator: Parameters changed to simplify usage (see examples) 
  * !IrrGetNodePosition, !IrrGetNodeRotation, !IrrGetNodeAbsolutePosition, !IrrGetCameraTarget: Removed required byRef array parameter (see help file/adjusted examples for syntax)


==== UDF: ====
  * Fixed/Added: Some more working functions (mainly around added examples) 
  * Added: Some missing 2D functions and documentation (contributions from smashly) 
  * Fixed: !IrrSetFog (linear and exponential fog were interchanged) 
  * Fixed: !IrrCreateMesh ($s`_`!MeshName not being passed in the DLL call) 
  * Fixed: IrrGetScreenCoordinatesFrom3DPosition (did not return anything useable because of wrong dllCall)


==== Examples: ====
  * Added: 015 (!CustomMesh), 022 (Indices+Vertices), 024 (Mesh to file), 062 (6D0F_Camera) 
  * Added: (contribution from smashly): 039 (Texture blending), 070 (Texture_and_Images), 103 (Billboard Groups), 104 (LOD) 
  * Added: 007/025/027/066/067/068/069/074/075 (!ParticleSystem) 
  * Reworked: 011 (Animators) shows usage of changed !IrrAddSplineAnimator 
  * Fixed: 010 (!TerrainAndFog) / 029/054 (Skydomes)


==== Help file: ====
  * Added: Completed documentation including example code for some more functions. Current status: Topics completed along examples 1-16 + several more. At least naked reference w/o detailed informations for all functions inside other examples. 
  * Added: 'Copy to clipboard'-button for included examples (using VBS code from GEOSoft)

==== Internal tools: ====
  * Fixed: Examples could not be opened when running launcher from path with spaces 
  * Added: Setup feature to example launcher to merge au3Irr2 help into local au3 help and add/update calltips for !SciTe 
  * Excluded \internal_tools because not too interesting for 99.9% (for the 0.1%: available via the sources from project page)


==== Other: ====
  * Changed: global $result used in UDF files switched to local variables (WIP, finished for 2D, Scene, Camera, Animation, Node)
 



----



== 2.03 (2010-09-05) ==

==== UDF: ====

  * Changed: Splitted UDF per category into \include. Main UDF (and the only one which is needed to be included) is still au3Irrlicht2.au3

  * Changed: All used dll files are moved to \bin to clean up the root dir. `_IrrStart` is modified to find them anyway.

  * Fixed: `_IrrSetNodeVisibility`

==== Examples: ====

  * Added: 089 (Orthogonal Camera), 106 (Advanced start)

  * Changed: 029 (Skydome)

  * Fixed: 049 (!Loaded_Scene_Collision), 051 (Clouds)

==== Help file: ====

  * Added: First version as reference of all working + proven functions.<br>Current status: Topics completed including example code along examples 1 to 6. Naked reference w/o detailed informations for other examples.

  * Changed: Moved original freeBasic Wrapper docs from \FB_documentation to \internal_tools\buildHelp\html_static. It's now included into help file.

  * Added: Merged help to use the au3Irr2 help inside the au3 help.

==== Internal tools: ====

  * Added: helper scripts and files for building help file and au3.user.calltips.api (see *\internal tools\help_building_readme.txt*) 


==== Other: ====

  * Fixed: \media\fonthaettenschweiler.bmp (*bogQ*)

  * Added: msvcr71.dll - possibly missing on some machines (*jl*)


----


== 2.02 (2010-07-29) ==

First release in one package (UDF + all needed .dll's, examples, !ExampleLauncher)


----


== 2.0 (2010-05-03) ==

First release of jRowe


----