#summary au3Irr2 Introduction
#labels Featured

----
= Introduction =

au3Irr2 brings together the ease of <a class="ext" href="http://www.autoitscript.com/autoit3/index.shtml" target="_blank">!AutoIt</a> with the power of the 3D engine *Irrlicht*. It covers a whole bunch of features to create serious 3D applications as well as nice games, useable both by beginners and more experienced to learn, prototye, and realise ideas without a big overhead.

Also au3Irr2 is still work in progress, it already provides well over 260 commands that cover features like Bitmaps, 3D models, Animation, Collision, Scene management, Maps, Terrains, Cameras, Lights, special effects, GUI and more. Additionally, there are around 100 well commented examples showing the different features and their usage. 

Technically, au3Irr2 is a 'wrapper for a wrapper', based upon Frank Dodd's great *!FreeBasic Irrlicht Wrapper*. Standing on this mature project au3Irr2 has really good potential to grow and prosper. Especially if you use it and be active in the <a class="ext" href="http://www.autoitscript.com/forum/index.php?showtopic=113881" target="_blank">forum</a>!

----

== How to start ==
Pretty easy. Of course you need installed <a class="ext" href="http://www.autoitscript.com/autoit3/index.shtml" target="_blank">!AutoIt</a>, also full version of <a class="ext" href="http://www.autoitscript.com/autoit3/scite/" target="_blank">SciTE</a> is highly recommend.

  * Extract the *au3Irr.zip* to whereever you like.

  * Run the 'example launcher' to run & enjoy the *examples*. Open them via the launcher with SciTE to see how it is done.

  * Use the *helpfile* - it lists all working functions, so it can be used as reference and overview. 

  * Use the *setup feature* inside the example launcher to add context help and calltips into SciTE. 


==== Remark ==== 
Because helpfile does (yet) not provide detailed informations about parameters and usage of all working functions, documentation of the original Freebasic Wrapper is also included as appendix.<br>
au3Irr2 follows (mostly) its syntax and usage, so it's a good place to look into (keep in mind: currently not all FB Wrapper functions are also implemented in au3Irr2).   

----


== Where to continue ==

  * <a class="ext" href="http://www.autoitscript.com/forum/index.php?showtopic=113881" target="_blank">jRowe's au3Irr2 topic</a> on autoitscript.com. Don't be shy, be part of it.

  * <a class="ext" href="http://code.google.com/p/au3irrlicht2/" target="_blank">au3Irr2 project page</a>  with latest releases and sources.

  * Frank Dodd's <a class="ext" href="http://www.frankdodd.screaming.net/IrrlichtWrapper/IrrlichtWrapperPortal.htm" target="_blank">Irrlicht Wrapper Online Portal</a>.

  * <a class="ext" href="http://www.freebasic.net/forum/viewtopic.php?t=3584" target="_blank">Frank Dodd's Irrlicht Wrapper</a>  in the !FreeBasic Forum.

  * <a class="ext" href="http://irrlicht.sourceforge.net/" target="_blank">Irrlicht engine</a> - the 'mother' of it all.

----