#summary au3Irr2 Introduction

----
= Introduction =

au3Irr2 brings together the ease of <a class="ext" href="http://www.autoitscript.com/autoit3/index.shtml" target="_blank">AutoIt</a> with the power of the 3D engine *Irrlicht*. It covers a whole bunch of features to create serious 3D applications as well as nice games, useable both by beginners and more experienced to learn, prototye, and realise ideas without a big overhead.

Also au3Irr2 is still work in progress, it already provides well over 200 commands that cover features like Bitmaps, 3D models, Animation, Collision, Scene management, Maps, Terrains, Cameras, Lights, special effects, GUI and more.

Technically, au3Irr2 is a 'wrapper for a wrapper', based upon Frank Dodd's great *FreeBasic Irrlicht Wrapper*. Standing on this mature project au3Irr2 has really good potential to grow and prosper. Especially if you use it, be active in the forum, maybe join the project?!

----


== How to start ==
Pretty easy. Of course you need installed <a class="ext" href="http://www.autoitscript.com/autoit3/index.shtml" target="_blank">AutoIt</a>, also full version of <a class="ext" href="http://www.autoitscript.com/autoit3/scite/" target="_blank">SciTE</a> is highly recommend.

  * Extract the au3Irr.zip to whereever you like.

  * Run the 'example launcher' to run & enjoy the *examples*. Open them via the launcher with SciTE to see how it is done.

  * Add *calltips* for au3Irr2 functions and constants in SciTE e.g. via _Tools > UserCallTipEntries_ and there add content of included au3.user.calltips.api.

  * Use the *helpfile* - it lists all _working_ functions, so it can be used as reference and overview.<br><br>If you want to have *context help* inside of SciTE, copy the _merged_ help to your local AutoIt directory (i.e. both au3Irr2.chm *and* AutoIt.chm). You should rename the original AutoIt.chm before.

==== Remark ==== 
Because helpfile does (yet) not provide detailed informations about parameters and usage of all working functions, documentation of the original Freebasic Wrapper is also included as appendix.<br>
au3Irr2 follows (mostly) its syntax and usage, so it's a good place to look into (keep in mind: currently not all FB Wrapper functions are also implemented in au3Irr2).   

----


== Where to continue ==

  * <a class="ext" href="http://www.autoitscript.com/forum/index.php?showtopic=113881" target="_blank">jRowe's au3Irr2 topic</a> on autoitscript.com. Don't be shy, be part of it.

 * <a class="ext" href="http://code.google.com/p/au3irrlicht2/" target="_blank">au3Irr2 project page</a>  with latest releases and sources.

 * <a class="ext" href="http://www.freebasic.net/forum/viewtopic.php?t=3584" target="_blank">Frank Dodd's Irrlicht Wrapper</a>  in the FreeBasic Forum.

 * <a class="ext" href="http://irrlicht.sourceforge.net/" target="_blank">Irrlicht engine</a> - the 'mother' of it all.

----